 “Tough times don’t last. Tough people do.” (Robert H. Schuller)
 “It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” (Confucius)
 “Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” (George Addair)
 “Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.” (Lance Armstrong)
 “A problem is a chance for you to do your best.” (Duke Ellington)
 “Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed.” (Bob Riley)
 “It’s not about perfect. It’s about effort.” (Jillian Michaels)
 “Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” (Theodore Roosevelt)
 “Difficult roads always lead to beautiful destinations.” (Zig Ziglar)
 “Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” (Steve Jobs)
 “Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.” (Julie Andrews)
 “Goals may give focus, but dreams give power.” (John Maxwell)
 “You cannot fail at being yourself.” (Wayne Dyer)
 “If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.” (Napoleon Hill)
 “When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you’ll find a way to get it.” (Jim Rohn)
 “I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done.” (Lucille Ball)
 “Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” (Jim Rohn)
 “Done is better than perfect.” (Sheryl Sandberg)
 “I didn’t get there by wishing for it or hoping for it, but by working for it.” (Estée Lauder)
 “Don’t ask if your dream is crazy, ask if it’s crazy enough.” (Lena Waithe)
 “Success is what happens after you have survived all of your disappointments.” (Unknown)
 “Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.” (W. Clement Stone)
 “Move out of your comfort zone. You can only grow if you are willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.” (Brian Tracy)
 “Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out.” (John Wooden)
 “Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” (Arthur Ashe)
 “Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.” (Newt Gingrich)
“Expect problems and eat them for breakfast.” (Alfred A. Montapert)
 “Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t.” (Rikki Rogers)
 “We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity.” (Barbara De Angelis)
